Note:- 

1. 'Bellary City' constituency lies within 'Bellary' constituency. So, from the census data, the urban population is all Bellary city and rural population is all Bellary.

2. 'Bidar' const is urban bidar and Bidar south is rural bidar.

3. The Hanur town panchayat lies in Kollegal sub-district. But, Kollegal and Hanur are 2 separate constituencies. So, I have given Hanur it's own const and subtracted Hanur's population from Kollegal's Urban population.

4. Terdal const which lies in Jamkhandi sub-district has its own const apart from Jamkhandi const. So, I have subtracted Terdal's population from Jamkhandi's urban population.

5. Moodabidri is a Municipal corporation and office-general area which lies in Mangalore sub-district. But, it has its own constituency. So, i have subtracted Moodabidri's population from Mangalore sub-district's urban population. By the way, in census data, it's spelled Mudbidri.

6. Mangalore:- Now, there are 3 consts with the name 'Mangalore' in them namely 'Mangalore', 'Mangalore City North' and 'Mangalore City South'. All of them lie in Mangalore sub-district. So, I have assumed that 'Managlore' constituency corresponds to Mangalore municipal corporation and general office (after comparing some maps) whose population data is given separately under Mangalore sub-district. 
After subtracting Mangalore MCP-OG and Moodabidri's population from Mangalore sub-district's urban population.
And, I have divided the remaining Mangalore sub-district's population in half for consts 'Mangalore City North'' and 'Mangalore City South'.
It's bad practice, I know. I'm sorry.

7. For 'Davanagere North' and 'Davanagere South', I have divided Davanagere sub-district's total in half.

8. For hubli-dharwad east, I have allocated the rural population of hubli sub-district (Reasoning- area is larger and cost is reserved for SC/ST). For hubli-dharwad west and hubli-dharwad central, I have split the population of hubli dharwad Municipal corporation area into half.

9. For Gulbarga rural, I have allocated the rural population of gulbarga sub-district (Reasoning- area is larger and cost is reserved for SC/ST). For Gulbarga uttar and Gulbarga dakshin, I have split the population of Gulbarga Municipal corporation area into half.

10. Shravanabelgola const was part of Channarayapatna sub-district. 

11. For 'Raichur rural', i have allocated rural population of raichur sub-district. And Urban population for 'Raichur' const.

12. Gurmitkal - removed Gurmitkal's population from Yadgir sub-district and const.

13. For Tumkur City and Tumkur Rural, simply relabelled Tumkur Urban and Tumkur Rural

14. Extracted Bailhongal from Sampgaon sub-district which doesn't have its own constituency.

15. Extracted Saundatti Yellamma from Parasgad sub-district which doesn't have its own constituency.




In Ranibennur const, R shankar from KPJP had won the seat before the government toppled. After that, he resigned. For the bye-elections, Arunkumar Guththur represented BJP and won the seat. congress came in second in both cases.
In Shivajinagar const, Roshan Baig had won the seat from INC. In the bye-elections, Rizwan Arshad contested the seat from INC and won. BJP came in second. Both the parties changed their candidates for the bye-elections.











